>> Steve Kinney: So here is your job,
here's our first exercise.
We've seen the code, I'll put it
back on the screen in a second, but
we can use the remote module
to touch the main process.
We're exporting the getFileFromUser
from the main process.
So instead of alerting,
when the user clicks that button,
what we really wanna do now is we
wanna call mainprocess.remote.
I'm sorry,
mainprocess.getFileFromUser, and
that will trigger the file dialog
when someone opens that button.
We don't know how to send the file
content from the main process to
the renderer process yet, but
our main goal right now is to go ahead,
and at least trigger that file dialog.
So when they hit the Open File button,
they can go ahead, and they can see
the dialog, select the file, they'll
still get logged to the council now.
But our next mission after
that will be to go ahead and
figure out how to actually
read it in the application.
I will go ahead and create a branch called
Live Coding and push it up very shortly.